[Music]
Once Upon a Time in the magical and very
round land of Pi there lived six
swashbuckling Musketeers
their names were parentheses exponents
multiplication division addition and
subtraction but each was known best by
his or her mark the two hands ready to
catch a fly of parentheses the small and
raised digits of exponents and by d-x of
multiplication / of division plus of
addition and well you can guess this
symbol by which little subtraction was
best known the land of Pi was not
necessarily the most peaceful place and
that's why the numbers of the kingdom
needed the Musketeers the land of Pi had
been ruled by the numbers as an
anarcho-syndicalist commune each number
with a vote but one powerful number from
what we'll call the Imperial Senate
engineered a war between some robot
things and the Knights of the kingdom
and then installed himself as Supreme
Emperor and then puff the magic digit
dragon deacon and a princess and well
all the other numbers in the land of Pi
actually it was kind of a big day anyway
the Musketeers were called to action to
save the land of Pi from the voracious
dragon they rode towards him on their
valiant steeds and attacked first
multiplication then parentheses but that
didn't work the dragon continued eating
people so addition tried but was thrown
aside exponents leaped at the beasts and
was quickly squad nothing was working
the Musketeers huddled and formulated a
plan they would attack in sequence but
who should go first
they bickered for a while the dragon ate
a few more princesses and then they
finally agreed they jumped into the
first smallest parentheses inside the
great puff two-digit dragon parentheses
pointed out where to work first and
protected exponents multiplication
division addition and subtraction while
they diced and sliced first here then
move over
there then there look out there's
another set parentheses pointed and
exponents took the lead
then it was multiplication division
addition and subtraction each in turn
always the same order pe M da s when
they finished that set they went to
another and another always working
inside the parentheses in PEMDAS order
pop pop pop pop pop PEMDAS there's
another spot don't forget there can be
parentheses inside parentheses there's
one and that tricky exponent there we go
finally the PEMDAS Musketeers had
whittled puffs down to his last fearsome
roar but having vanquished puff the
magic digit dragon all the Empire's
numbers sprang again from this tiny
little number one and they all lived
happily ever after except for the
Emperor number which they threw into the
mouth of an ancient creature nesting in
the desert bee
[Music]
Oh